   Release Notes
                                                        1.03


Intel EtherExpress(TM) PRO/100+ adapters
========================================


82557 Ethernet Controller
-------------------------

The PRO/100+ PCI adapter uses the Intel 82557 high-
performance Ethernet controller. You will see references to
this component in other README files. Sometimes, the
PRO/100B PCI adapter will be referred to as the "82557-based
adapter."


Full duplex support
-------------------

Full duplex is an optional setting that can improve adapter
performance.

To run the PRO/100+ PCI adapter at full duplex, you need to
be connected to a full duplex switching hub.

If your TX hub supports auto-negotiation, the PRO/100+ TX
adapter and hub will negotiate to select the best mode. If
your TX hub does not support auto-negotiation, you need to
manually change to full duplex. Refer to the Installation
Guide or the "Duplex Support" README file for complete
instructions.


EMM386
------

If using Microsoft's EMM386 memory manager, use EMM386
version 4.49 or later. This version is included with DOS
version 6.22.


Busmaster slots
---------------

You must install the adapter in a busmaster slot. If the
driver fails to load or diagnostics fail, try moving the
adapter to a different slot. If you're not sure if your
slots are busmaster enabled, see your computer's
documentation.


PCI BIOS
--------

Make sure you're using the latest BIOS for your computer.
See the help file called "PCI installation" under the
"Adapter installation and special configurations" section
for a list of phone numbers of the leading PCI computer
manufacturers.


PCI shared interrupts
---------------------

The server and DOS ODI client drivers for the EtherExpress
PRO/100+ PCI adapters support shared interrupts. However,
because there is no industry-standard way to support shared
interrupts, other adapters may support them differently, or
not at all. You may notice this when you install the
PRO/100+ PCI adapter or when you install another add-in PCI
card at a later date.

If you think you have another PCI adapter that doesn't
support shared interrupts (for example, a SCSI adapter),
contact its manufacturer for a shared interrupt driver. Or,
try running your computer's CMOS Setup program to assign a
different interrupt to the other adapter.


Configuring your PCI BIOS
-------------------------

Some computers allow you to configure various BIOS
parameters. If you have problems installing your adapter,
run the BIOS setup program and, if possible, set these
parameters:
   
   Interrupt type:   level-triggered
   
   PCI slots:   enable

These should already be the default settings.


Compaq Prolinea* Deskpro* XL
----------------------------

To work with the EtherExpress PRO/10+ PCI LAN adapter, these
two Compaq computers need updated BIOS software. You can
download the necessary files from the Compaq website:

http://www.compaq.com

From the Compaq home page, navigate to the Downloadable
Files page. On this page, select the file that corresponds
to your Compaq computer model. Follow the instructions
provided by Compaq.


NetWare 3.11 Servers
--------------------

On NetWare 3.11 servers, the driver won't operate correctly
unless you modify the server's STARTUP.NCF to include:

SET MAXIMUM PHYSICAL RECEIVE PACKET SIZE = 1536  (or larger)

This specifies the size for preallocated server buffers. See
the NetWare 3.11 installation instructions for more details.


Using LANDesk(R) Traffic Analyst 2.0
------------------------------------

If you're using LANDesk Management Suite 2.0 and a Novell
DOS ODI client driver on your workstation, load RXMONSTK.COM
(supplied by Novell) after loading LSL. Also, be sure you
have updated VMON.386 dated 12-14-95 which supports the
latest NetWare ODI client specification (v4.0). You can
download the VMON.386 file from our website. Refer to the
'Using Intel's Automated Customer Support' README file on
this disk for information.


Use the drivers that come with this adapter
-------------------------------------------

Use the drivers that come with this adapter. The drivers for
the prior version of this adapter (PRO/100) will not work.
If you download an updated driver from one of our online
services in the future, make sure it is for the PRO/100+ PCI
adapter and not the PRO/100 PCI (non-B) version.


SETUP
-----

Use SETUP.EXE utility on the Intel Configuration and Drivers
disk to automatically install the DOS ODI driver, run
diagnostics, get help with installation problems, and to
view information and help files.

You must use SETUP.EXE version 3.03 or later with this
adapter. Previous version of SETUP.EXE will not work.







*  Third-party trademarks are the property of their
   respective owners.
